A note to the migration guide about a way to disable color pickers (#14166)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/updating/update-to-38.md

If you have a **commercial license**, you can hide the logo by adding `config.licenseKey` to your configuration. If you already use pagination, productivity pack, or non-real-time collaboration features, you don't need to take any action as you should already have `config.licenseKey` in place. The logo will not be visible in your editor.

We have prepared a detailed {@link support/managing-ckeditor-logo Managing the "Powered by CKEditor" logo} guide to help everyone through the transition and explain any concerns.

## Introduction of color pickers to font color and font background color features

> Starting with 38.0.0 release, the user interface of the {@link features/font#configuring-the-font-color-and-font-background-color-features font color and font background color features} will display a {@link features/font#color-picker color picker}. The new feature is **enabled by default** and supplements existing color palettes to improve the editing experience and boost the creativity of content authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v38.0.0, the user interface of the {@link features/font#configuring-the-font-color-and-font-background-color-features font color and font background color features} will display a {@link features/font#color-picker color picker}. The new feature is **enabled by default** and supplements existing color palettes to improve the editing experience and boost the creativity of content authors.
```
